Hello everyone, Kate, and today I
I will show you how competently and effectively
sharpen photoshop when
handling back and go we have
the original image is a duplicate
control layer jay and go to the channels of charles
this method of increasing the viscosity of the foundation
to increase the sharpness per channel
and so silk dye red channel
contains information about skin color u and and
invoice
so our tasks here are not much
increase if not to reveal
any skin defects
here our task will be to raise
sharpen the contour at that is at the borders and
increase contrast increase the volume of this i
I will use the filter unsharp mask
unsharp mask
here we will pick up the destination which
increase viscosity and contrast all
image that is, do not forget to put
tick preview is desirable to
full or portrait without bringing it closer
as close as possible to us
for a start, the radius can be like you
the contrast changes
here we put quite a big one
radius value
so but I'm going for the sake of principle
portrait
about 50 pixels so go further in mode
you should be small here because
what's the video what's going on
i'm a fool assignment 15 by sight she to me
principle fit the services we do not touch then
there is a rope to eyes before after to
after varnish
I like this result further
choose green channel green channel
we do not contain skin information
so we can safely increase the sharpness on
small parts he has what we have
there were 20 flaws and skin texture
here you can safely increase our
scale
also sharp and anger video filter
excuse here we have a little reverse
situations that is, we all want to increase
sharpness and fine detail so we
choose a rather small radius
about a half pixel amal put
big
today rufina, that is, it has been here for centuries
a ringing appears I chose about a hundred
percent up
I think normally just after that
is very well very well visible
texture right hand eyes all small details
come to we don't touch click ok
click the channel and growls and to see
our spring chickens are japanese
and now we can compare yes after
sharpness increased to but we can
see also that we have changed a lot
colors here we have very well seen on
tissue that is so black with bluish
tinged even I would say
lush spilling up bright so green
shade
we don't need this so we will deliver
our layer is luminosity mode
why because luminosity mode is
bright dream of all component pictures
picture it does not contain information about
only five waters are black and white
therefore, as if all flower stalks are contained
on the bottom layer of ourselves let's say so sharply
increasing my grandchildren is contained in detail
on the top layer and now we can
see our result before after
we can also bring it closer
to better consider before after
the difference is obvious honestly say that I am
I use this method most often for
sharpening
either the whole portrait or some small
parts that is, I apply a mask as well
not a principle this is a prerequisite when
saving for the internet that is before
how to save for internet i
did this action sharpen
then it reduces the size of the image and
we keep insta here impossible
go too far but two things are not like 100
percentage this layer will turn out to be
too big so i still
always reduce to 60 percent of mine
default is
the opacity of this layer and in principle
all pretty altitudes we get the final
the result if you liked this video
put likes write comments
subscribe for new videos
thank you all bye bye